DOCS-934: Clean up container procedures (#985)
minio/docs: source/operations/network-encryption.rst

.. cond:: container

   Start the MinIO container with the :mc-cmd:`minio/minio:latest server --certs-dir <minio server --certs-dir>` parameter and specify the path to a directory in which MinIO searches for certificates.
   You must mount a local host volume to that path when starting the container to ensure the MinIO Server can access the necessary certificates.

   Place the TLS certificates for the default domain (e.g. ``minio.example.net``) in the specified directory, with the private key as ``private.key`` and public certificate as ``public.crt``.
   For example:

   .. code-block:: shell

      /opts/certs
        private.key
        public.crt

   You can use the MinIO :minio-git:`certgen <certgen>` to mint self-signed certificates for enabling TLS for evaluating MinIO with TLS enabled.
   For example, the following command generates a self-signed certificate with a set of IP and DNS SANs associated to the MinIO Server hosts:

   .. code-block:: shell

      certgen -host "localhost,minio-*.example.net"

   You may need to start the container and set a ``--hostname`` that matches the TLS certificate DNS SAN.

>    Move the certificates to the path on your local host machine which mounts to the ``--certs-dir`` directory on the container.

Reviewer: Maybe this shorter alternative is still accurate?
```suggestion
   Move the certificates to the local host machine path that the container mounts to its ``--certs-dir`` path.
```

>    When the MinIO container starts, the server searches the specified location for certificates and  uses them enable TLS.

Reviewer: duplicate space
```suggestion
   When the MinIO container starts, the server searches the specified location for certificates and uses them enable TLS.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When the MinIO container starts, the server searches the specified location for certificates and uses them to enable TLS.
```
